---
style: |
  width:480pt; margin:100px auto 100pt auto;
    font-size:14pt; 
    line-height:18pt;
_userId: dns
_revisionDate: 2020-10-07T22:36:45.925Z
---

# Chapter 2 Born To Be Wild

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/igvP806798U" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

So now you know me and my friends. This starts with me walking down to the liquor store in my hometown, in summer, May. The sun was beaming down on my face and my Vans couldn’t keep the heat from the concrete through, so my feet were feeling it. My shirt was blue and felt some heat, but my blue jeans were probably the hottest thing I had on and man was I feeling it. Trees would pass by occasionally, they could only do so much but it was appreciated nonetheless. While I decided I wouldn’t stay in the sun the entire time I went under a tree on a hill and before I sat down, walked to a fence and opened my glass Coke with it and walked right back and ate my snacks and drank my Coke, music was playing, nothing could go wrong.

Little did I know, I just jinxed myself. Right then and there, Z on his skateboard tells me Lawrence is getting into it bad with someone, Jake O’hare. We weren’t fans of him to start with, but when I heard that name, I automatically knew Lawrence wasn’t gonna be fighting one on one. He handed me another skateboard and we got there in maybe a minute and some seconds max due to straight panic that my friend was gonna be down and out or worse, not even there. Sure enough thankfully, our 6 foot 3 friend was fighting 8 kids, all older than 16 but no older than 20. None of them had skin even similar to mine, and all of them were over 5’8. The shortest one was just a bit shorter than me. Jake and Lawrence evened out at 6’3 6’4 something like that.

First thing I did was simple and instinctive, I broke the glass bottle on the floor and threw it and immediately followed up with tackling Jake. He was also over 6 feet, but playing football and taking on guys bigger then Lawrence and Jake, this wasn’t a problem. Z took his own initiative with slamming his skateboard into a kid's back and another right after. We 2 just took 4 out of the 8 out, Lawrence was back on his feet swinging and he took another 2 out. While I was wrestling Jake, another kid kicked me square in the jaw and it hurt. Z got taken down by another 2 and his board was skating alone down the street. We were outnumbered until we heard the rabbit like footsteps, Copper came, standing at only 5’5, maybe 120 pounds, he was skinny and drunk, we could see it but man were we grateful.

The little guy was sprinting and with that took the guy I needed off of me, and with that I got up and away from Jake, I wasn’t gonna knock him out, Z or Lawrence are big enough for that, I would just wrestle, and get by, but definitely wouldn’t lose. With one fallen, another with glass in his face, Copper had Z’s skateboard and sent it to a kid’s head then got on So now you know me and my friends. This starts with me walking down to the liquor store in my hometown, in summer, May. The sun was beaming down on my face and my Vans couldn’t keep the heat from the concrete through, so my feet were feeling it. My shirt was blue and felt some heat, but my blue jeans were probably the hottest thing I had on and man was I feeling it. Trees would pass by occasionally, they could only do so much but it was appreciated nonetheless. While I decided I wouldn’t stay in the sun the entire time I went under a tree on a hill and before I sat down, walked to a fence and opened my glass Coke with it and walked right back and ate my snacks and drank my Coke, music was playing, nothing could go wrong.

Little did I know, I just jinxed myself. Right then and there, Z on his skateboard tells me Lawrence is getting into it bad with someone, Jake O’hare. We weren’t fans of him to start with, but when I heard that name, I automatically knew Lawrence wasn’t gonna be fighting one on one. He handed me another skateboard and we got there in maybe a minute and some seconds max due to straight panic that my friend was gonna be down and out or worse, not even there. Sure enough thankfully, our 6 foot 3 friend was fighting 8 kids, all older than 16 but no older than 20. None of them had skin even similar to mine, and all of them were over 5’8. The shortest one was just a bit shorter than me. Jake and Lawrence evened out at 6’3 6’4 something like that.

First thing I did was simple and instinctive, I broke the glass bottle on the floor and threw it and immediately followed up with tackling Jake. He was also over 6 feet, but playing football and taking on guys bigger then Lawrence and Jake, this wasn’t a problem. Z took his own initiative with slamming his skateboard into a kid's back and another right after. We 2 just took 4 out of the 8 out, Lawrence was back on his feet swinging and he took another 2 out. While I was wrestling Jake, another kid kicked me square in the jaw and it hurt. Z got taken down by another 2 and his board was skating alone down the street. We were outnumbered until we heard the rabbit like footsteps, Copper came, stae off of Z. Then he took the other one off. 4 were out, Lawrence and Jake were going at it. Copper and I took the other 3 on with Z and made lightwork of them and Lawrence and Jake had at it, when the other kids realized even while outnumbering us, we weren’t there to lose, Jake eventually got the message and they were gone. We were in Lawrence’s neighborhood which was really white and quiet for the most part, it was uphill. Each house had front lawns with trees in every front and back lawn. The streets were nice though, paved every two years.

Walking into Lawrence’s garage, filled with old Mustangs and such, he opened his fridge and slapped a cold piece of steak on his cut, he had a bleeding busted cheek. Z had a bruise on his chin but he just got a cold soda and placed it there. Copper was stumbling around, drunk. He was fine, just a busted bruised rib I think. I had a busted lip, but it didn’t need stitches. I wanted to take care of it before I went back home, I didn't want my baby brother to see me like this.

While we got better, the question was raised, why did Jake want to jump Lawrence? He simply replied with “He thinks I knocked up his sister which isn’t true. Not like I have anything to fear though, he is the one that left running to his car after all”. We all stood quiet and stared at him angrily, this could’ve been avoided if he simply kept it in his pants. Nonetheless I suggested that we all needed a good fight, everyone nodded so we drank to that. Even with our differences, we would always be there for one another. Z went his way home, I walked Copper back home, made sure he made it to his bed, he didn’t have much of a home. It looked like it was once marvellous but, better then nothing.

We don't know what happened to Copper’s parents. We believe he ran away and...ended up here. It was broken, abandoned, burnt down a long time ago but it was brick, sturdy. He cleaned his bed off enough and had bought himself fresh sheets and we eventually bought him a bed. He always refused to stay with Lawrence or Z, even Jack offered him a bed. We were ok with that, but we fixed it up enough, broke down dangerous parts. Lawrence even got him a steel beam to support where Copper slept, it was heavy as hell but, to protect Copper we did it. We bought him posters for his walls. One day Z even helped him paint what stood standing. We walked through the tear in the fence he made years ago and threw himself in his bed. He was dead asleep by the time I covered him in a blanket. On the way out, I threw out some beers, he drank a six pack a day at least. I also threw out empty glasses and cans.

While I walked home, I ate my candy that I had left from the store, I saved my brother a lollipop. Cherry flavor was his favorite. I couldn’t wait to see him, that boy is my world, I happily walked down while the sun was beginning to completely go away, the street lights came on and a breeze picked up, I only had one more block to go down. Suddenly, I heard the brakes of a car pull up behind me, I turned around and it was coming straight at me at over 40 miles per hour I think, how did I hear brakes? Red and Blue lights were blaring, yellow front lights shined on me, this was a cop. I jumped out of the way and to a screeching halt I saw the window roll down.

While that happened I stood up from off the ground and I saw a silhouette of a man. It was too still to make me feel normal, the definition of motionless. Then a spark from a lighter showed his face, just barely, I saw his eyes reflect the light back to me and cheekbones to make a smiling gesture and smoke covered it from his smoke. Somehow the lighter didn’t make any noise to spark, but while I stared back half angry, half cautious, this man wasn’t normal. I looked around but somehow there wasn't any traffic, not even a single person to leave their homes to their front yards. When I looked back at the window, he was back to his stone form and stared while all around only got darker. I was going to continue walking until I heard “Come closer.” I stood frozen to the ground. I stared back and didn’t do anything until I heard his whisper, “I said, come closer.” So I did, but not within his arms reach. He repeated, “closer.” With that I said nothing and stood where I was, knowing full and well, I was worried and had every right to be.

He then put a hand into the light, his sleeves covered his arms, but I could see tattoos, I wasn’t stupid, I knew what that star stood for, even worse, I knew was the lightning bolts next to it stood for too. When I looked up, all I saw were sunken eyes, dark rings, white stuff by his nose, and worst of all, even in the dark, he didn't blink, it looked almost painful. While he reached out, he couldn't reach, until I saw him purposely move even closer to the door, I took a step back.

That made him chuckle, he sounded like he hasn’t had a drink of water in years, he still wasn’t blinking. As much as I dislike being afraid, this dude scared me, it bugged me and he knew it. He put his hand back in the car and sat back in his car. If this guy turned his head entirely around his neck I wouldn’t be surprised in the slightest. He said “Don't let me catch you again…hurry on home little rabbit.” I stepped away from his car and didn’t dare turn my back to him, a car passed between us and the headlights hit his eyes and they reflected once again and I could only see his stiff and still shadow all over again. I walked over 100 steps backwards, I refused to turn my back to him and by then traffic was beginning to pick back up and he moved along but as soon as he was out of my sights and vice versa, I don’t think I could humanely run any faster back home.

There is fear, fear of getting hit by a ball, fear of your crush rejecting you, fear of small spaces, but there is nothing similar and may never be anything like the fear that just went through me right now. I didn’t even look at his badge, dumb mistake on my end.

What did he even want? What would’ve happened if he hit me with his car? Would anyone even know? Regardless, I got home in one piece to my brother who was happy to see me and I him. I decided to be grateful for what I had, my friends were all home, nothing could hurt me, not even that creepy cop. Whoever the hell he is, I hope I don't see him again. I had a feeling I would though, but next time I’d be ready...I hope. 

